Add support for third party data in the spec (#63)
cdevents/spec: cloudevents-binding.md

### datacontenttype

The [CloudEvents `datacontenttype`][ce-contenttype] is optional, its use depends on the specific CloudEvents binding and mode in use. See the [event data](#cloudevents-data) section for more details.

### dataschema

The [CloudEvents `dataschema`][ce-dataschema] is MAY be set to a URL that points to the event data schema included in this specification.

## CloudEvents Data

The content and format of the event data depends on the specific CloudEvents binding in use. All the examples, unless otherwise stated, refer to the[HTTP binding][ce-http-binding] in [binary content mode][ce-binary]. In this format, the CloudEvents context is stored in HTTP headers.

The [CloudEvents Event Data][ce-eventdata] MUST include the full CDEvents, i.e.
[`context`](spec.md#cdevents-context), [`subject`](spec.md#cdevents-subject)
and any [custom data](spec.md#cdevents-custom-data), rendered as JSON in the
format specified by the [schema](./schemas/) for the event type.

[Custom data](spec.md#cdevents-custom-data) of type "application/json" MUST be

> embedded as it in the [`customData`](spec.md#customdata) field. Any other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
embedded as is in the [`customData`](spec.md#customdata) field. Data with any other
```

> content-type MUST be base64 encoded and set as value for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
content-type MUST be base64 encoded when set as value for the
```

Author: I think "and" is the right word here, "when" alters the meaning

Reviewer: Fair enough
